Recommend action items to address the changes if necessary.

Need to identify and migitate the problem..

Migitate the problem with the following aspect.
 
Time : Wait longer to see if the trend continues to drop. 
- There could be steady decline or +/- 1% drop. there could be a slight fluctuation. If its small we cant panic and exactly know the reason why there is drop.
However, if ther gradual decline month over month then its alarming, or drop of 10%m, then we need to think about various strategies to migitate or what the root cause could be..

Notify : Notfiy the product/engineering team to address the change.
- To check if there is bug or to know if there are any changes in api/ backend or check logs to alert and know if there is any data pipeline issue..

Fix: Address the Issue by fixing the code.
- To fix any bug or data pipeline issue asap.

Rollback: Rollback the feature
- If there is drop because of feature release/ version effect, then we should rollback, retest it and no bias in ab testing.. then relaunch the feature again..

Idea: Its time to develop a new strategy/funnel or product strategy to increase user enagagement and growth.
- The short videos in youtubes is a new video similar to tiktok for Gen Z, these are ideas/ marketing strategies for youtube 


For example : 

Root cause - Bug due data pipeline issue resulting in faulty reporting - Notfiy and fix

Root cause - Micro economic situation/Covid/Inflation  - Notfiy , time  and idea 

Will notify then to wait & lets see till micro econmic situation then implement new ideas like change the layout of the product & user experience.




